1. Set up a GitHub account and address. Make sure that you choose a meaningful name that you will be able toeasily recall and . For Example my GitHub account and address is http://github.com/boniface

2. Log into the Linux Image VM Player and create your unique folder and run the git commands for the following tasks and record he screen short of the results in a word document that you need to submit

i Initilaise git repository

ii. Create a file in your repository and check the status and give the explanation of the status

iii. Track he file that you just created and check status

iv. Committ the file to your repository , check the status and give an explanation

v. Create three more files and check the status and explain why the files are in the states they are in

vi. Make Changes to the file you committed and check the status

vii. Now track the two files that you added above and give the explanation of your status output

viii. Commit the modified file ad check the status

ix. Get the output of the Short Status of your repo

x. Ensure that Git ignores one of the three files that you have created above

xi. Get the status of the changes that you made to your repository

xii. Remove one of the three files that you had created and are tracking. Get the status and give an explanation

xiii. Get the output of your committ History


3. This section requires your to use your GitHub account that you just created

i. In your GitHub account, creaete a respository and clone it onto you PC and ensure that you put it in a different directory

ii. Show your full remotes on your local machine using a git command and take asnapshort

ii. Add a file to your repo and push he file to GitHub

iii. Create Another Git Repo and add any other file to the remote repository and again show full remotes for yourrepository

iv. Get the contents of the remote repository in and merge it into your local repo

v. Create another git repository and add another repo repository.

vi. Get the content using using one git command to so that the result is a fully merged repo

vii. Remove the remote from your repostory

4. Demostrate the ability to tag your repo with version numbers and commit these them to gitHub

5. Read the chapter on branching and demostrate the ability to create branches and integrating the merge. GitHub will produce graphs for you.

6. Demostrate Rebasing on another repo that you create on GitHub